docs/master/architecture.md, before:

# Internara - Developer Architecture Guide

Welcome, developer! This guide provides a comprehensive understanding of Internara's modular architecture, helping you build features efficiently and maintain a robust codebase.

---

**Table of Contents**

1.  [Core Architectural Principles](#1-core-architectural-principles)
2.  [The TALL Stack](#2-the-tall-stack)
3.  [The Layered Architecture](#3-the-layered-architecture)
    *   [3.1 UI Layer: Livewire Components](#31-ui-layer-livewire-components)
    *   [3.2 Business Logic Layer: Services](#32-business-logic-layer-services)
    *   [3.3 Data Layer: Eloquent Models](#33-data-layer-eloquent-models)
    *   [3.4 Optional Layers: Repositories & Entities](#34-optional-layers-repositories--entities)
4.  [Pragmatic Layered Architecture & Communication Rules](#4-pragmatic-layered-architecture--communication-rules)
    *   [4.1 The Golden Rule of Layered Communication](#41-the-golden-rule-of-layered-communication)
    *   [4.2 Interface-First & Knowledge Hiding](#42-interface-first--knowledge-hiding)
5.  [Inter-Module Communication: The Golden Rule](#5-inter-module-communication-the-golden-rule)
    *   [5.1 Pattern 1: Service-to-Service Calls (Synchronous)](#51-pattern-1-service-to-service-calls-synchronous)
    *   [5.2 Pattern 2: Events & Listeners (Decoupled Actions)](#52-pattern-2-events--listeners-decoupled-actions)
6.  [Practical Guide: Module Usage](#6-practical-guide-module-usage)
    *   [6.1 Accessing Module Resources](#61-accessing-module-resources)
    *   [6.2 Essential Module Artisan Commands](#62-essential-module-artisan-commands)

---

## 1. Core Architectural Principles

Internara is built as a **Modular Monolith**, meaning it's a collection of self-contained mini-applications (called **Modules**) residing within a single Laravel project. Each module (e.g., `User`, `Internship`) manages a specific business domain, enhancing organization, maintainability, and scalability.

**Key Concepts:**

*   **Modular Monolith:** Leveraging `nwidart/laravel-modules` to encapsulate business domains.
*   **Isolation & Portability:** Each module is designed to be as self-contained as possible.
    *   **Independence:** Modules **MUST NOT** depend on the physical existence or internal logic of other modules.
    *   **External Dependencies:** Modules may depend on the Laravel framework or reputable external packages (e.g., Spatie) with full awareness and careful restriction.
    *   **Self-Containment:** Ensure that a module could be extracted and used in another project with minimal friction.
*   **UI Framework:** All user interfaces and interactivity are built using **Livewire** components, powered by the TALL Stack.
*   **Backend Structure:** Logic is strictly organized into distinct layers:
    *   **Services:** Orchestrate business logic ("what to do").
    *   **Models:** Represent persisted domain data and contain limited, domain-relevant behavior.
    *   **Optional Layers (Repositories/Entities):** Abstractions for complex data access or integrations, **not included by default**.
*   **Namespace Convention:** For module files located in `modules/{ModuleName}/src/{Subdirectory}/{FileName}.php`, the namespace **must omit the `src` segment**.
    *   **Example:** `Modules\{ModuleName}\{Subdirectory}`. This applies to `Livewire`, `Services`, `Models`, and other subdirectories within a module's `src` folder.

For a complete, step-by-step example of creating a new feature within this architecture, refer to the **[Modular Monolith Developer Guide](workflow.md)**.

## 2. The TALL Stack

The project is built on the TALL stack, a full-stack development solution that allows for building robust, modern web applications primarily using PHP.

*   **Tailwind CSS (v4):** A utility-first CSS framework that provides low-level utility classes to build custom designs directly in your markup. This approach avoids premature abstraction and allows for highly customizable and maintainable styling. To ensure consistency and rapid development, we use the **DaisyUI** component library and **MaryUI** for advanced Livewire interactions.
*   **Alpine.js:** A rugged, minimal JavaScript framework for adding client-side interactivity to your templates. It's often used for small interactions like dropdowns or toggles. In this project, Alpine.js is automatically included with Livewire 3, making it readily available within Livewire components.
*   **Laravel (v12):** The core backend framework providing the application's foundation. It handles routing, database management through its Eloquent ORM, authentication, and the overall structure that enables the modular monolith architecture.
*   **Livewire (v3):** A full-stack framework for Laravel that allows you to build dynamic, reactive interfaces using PHP classes and Blade templates. It eliminates the need for a separate frontend JavaScript framework like React or Vue for most use cases, significantly simplifying the development workflow. This project also uses **Volt**, which allows for creating single-file Livewire components.

## 3. The Layered Architecture

Each module adheres to a strict layered architecture to enforce separation of concerns. The flow of data and control generally moves from the UI layer downwards.

**Important Note on Namespaces:** Consistent with the project's namespace convention, all classes within these layers will use a namespace that omits the `src` segment. For instance, a Service in the `User` module would be namespaced `Modules\User\Services`, not `Modules\User\src\Services`.

### 3.1 UI Layer: Livewire Components

The entry point for user interaction with the application. Livewire components serve as the **Presentation Layer**, responsible solely for rendering the UI and handling user input.

*   **Purpose:** To capture user input, manage component state, and display data.
*   **Responsibilities:**
    *   **UI Interaction Logic ONLY:** Livewire components **MUST NOT** contain business logic. Their role is strictly limited to handling UI events, managing component state, and orchestrating interactions with the Service layer.
    *   **Delegation to Services:** All business operations (e.g., data creation, updates, deletions, complex validations, authorization checks beyond simple rendering conditions) **MUST** be delegated to the appropriate Service methods.
    *   **Authorization:** Use standard Laravel `can()` methods or Policies for UI rendering conditions and action authorization.
    *   Displays data retrieved from the business logic layer.
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Livewire/`
*   **Creation Command:**
    ```bash
    php artisan module:make-livewire CreateUser User --view
    ```

#### Livewire Component Naming in Modular Monolith

When embedding Livewire components within Blade views in a modular monolith (using `nwidart/laravel-modules`), it is crucial to use the correct naming convention to ensure auto-discovery and proper rendering.

*   **Standard Embedding Directive:** Always use the `@livewire` Blade directive for embedding interactive Livewire components.
*   **Module-Aliased Component Name:** Components residing within a module (`Modules\{ModuleName}\src\Livewire\Subdirectory\ComponentName.php`) should be referenced using the module's alias followed by a double colon (`::`), then the dot-notation path relative to the module's `src/Livewire` directory. The module alias typically matches the module's lowercase name (e.g., `user` for the `User` module).

    **Syntax:** `@livewire('{module-alias}::{component-dot-notation-name}', [...$parameters])`

    **Example:**
    For a Livewire component class: `Modules\User\src\Livewire\Users\DeleteUser.php`
    Its corresponding component name would be: `users.delete-user`
    The correct embedding in a Blade view would be:
    ```blade
    @livewire('user::users.delete-user')
    ```
    or with parameters:
    ```blade
    @livewire('user::users.delete-user', ['userId' => $user->id])
    ```
*   **Avoid `<x-livewire-... />` for interactive embedding:** While `<x-livewire-... />` syntax works as a Blade Component alias, the `@livewire` directive is the recommended and clearer way to embed interactive Livewire components, especially when passing parameters or dealing with specific component lifecycle events.

### 3.2 Business Logic Layer: Services

The "brain" of your feature, orchestrating specific business operations.

*   **Purpose:** To implement and coordinate the core business logic.
*   **Responsibilities:**
    *   Receives data (often as validated arrays or simple value objects) from the UI layer.
    *   Performs domain-specific validation and business rules.
    *   Interacts directly with **Eloquent Models** to save or retrieve data (in the default workflow).
    *   Dispatches events to notify other parts of the application about changes.
    *   Should be thin and focused on a single business concern.
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Services/`
*   **Creation Command:**
    ```bash
    php artisan module:make-service UserService User
    ```

### 3.3 Data Layer: Eloquent Models

The primary layer for interacting with the database.

*   **Purpose:** To represent persisted domain data and provide an interface to the database via Eloquent ORM.
*   **Responsibilities:**
    *   Defining database relationships, scopes, and accessors.
    *   Handling data persistence and retrieval.
    *   Supporting configurable ID types (UUID or Integer).
    *   May contain limited, domain-relevant behavior (e.g., helper methods like `isActive()`).
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Models/`
*   **Creation Command:**
    ```bash
    php artisan module:make-model User User --migration
    ```

### 3.4 Optional Layers: Repositories & Entities

These layers are **not included by default** and should only be introduced when strictly justified by architectural needs (e.g., swapping storage backends, complex external integrations, or strict decoupling requirements).

#### Repositories
*   **Purpose:** To abstract data persistence details, completely decoupling business logic from Eloquent.
*   **When to Use:** When you need to support multiple data sources (e.g., Database AND API) or when testing requires strict mocking of the data layer without touching the database.
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Repositories/`

#### Entities (DTOs)
*   **Purpose:** Plain PHP objects to transfer data between layers, independent of Eloquent.
*   **When to Use:** When data structures are complex, come from external sources, or need to be strictly decoupled from the database schema.
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Entities/`

## 4. Pragmatic Layered Architecture & Communication Rules

To ensure maintainability while avoiding over-engineering, Internara adopts a **Pragmatic Layered Architecture**.

### 4.1 The Golden Rule of Layered Communication

Communication flows downwards.

*   **Presentation Layer (Livewire)**: Communicates only with the **Service Layer**.
*   **Service Layer**: Communicates with the **Model Layer** (or optionally, the **Repository Layer**).
*   **Model Layer**: Represents the persistence mechanism and should not initiate communication upwards.

### 4.2 Interface-First & Standard Authorization

When communicating *between modules*, strictly adhere to the **Interface-First Principle** or use standard Laravel interfaces.

*   **Service Interaction:** If Module A needs to call a service in Module B, it should depend on an interface (e.g., `Modules\User\Contracts\Services\UserService`), not the concrete class.
*   **Authorization Interaction:** Modules should use Laravel's standard `Gate` and `Policy` systems (e.g., `$user->can()`) to interact with the authorization layer, ensuring modules remain isolated from the specific implementation of Role/Permission management.

## 5. Inter-Module Communication: The Golden Rule

The most critical rule for maintaining a loosely coupled and maintainable modular monolith is the **Isolation Principle**.

> **Golden Rule:** One module **MUST NOT** directly reference a concrete class (e.g., a `Service` or `Repository` implementation) or an internal model from another module. All interaction between modules **must** happen through shared interfaces (contracts), events, or framework standards (Gates/Policies).

This rule is non-negotiable. It is the foundation for a scalable and maintainable application.

### 5.1 Pattern 1: Service-to-Service Calls (Synchronous)

Use this pattern when an action in `Module A` **immediately** requires a result or a direct interaction with `Module B`.

*   **Usage:** For direct, synchronous dependencies where one module needs to invoke specific logic from another and get an immediate response.
*   **How it Works:**
    1.  `Module B` defines a `Service Interface` (e.g., `Modules\User\Contracts\Services\UserService`) and provides a concrete implementation.
    2.  `Module A` (e.g., `InternshipService`) *type-hints* `Module B`'s `Service Interface` in its constructor.
    3.  Laravel's Service Container automatically injects the concrete `UserService` implementation without `InternshipService` knowing the specific class.

### 5.2 Pattern 2: Events & Listeners (Decoupled Actions)

This is the preferred approach for handling side effects or when one action should trigger several independent outcomes across different modules without tight coupling.

*   **Usage:** When an action occurs in `Module A`, and other modules might need to react to it without `Module A` needing to know or care who those reactors are.
*   **How it Works:**
    1.  `Module A` (e.g., `InternshipService`) dispatches an `Event`. This event should carry necessary data.
    2.  Other modules (e.g., `User`, `Notification`) define `Listeners` that are configured to react to this specific `Event`.
    3.  The `Internship` module remains completely unaware of which other modules react to its event, ensuring strong decoupling.

### 5.3 Pattern 3: Standard Framework Interfaces (Policies/Gates)

Use this pattern for cross-cutting concerns like authorization.

*   **Usage:** When a domain module needs to authorize an action based on roles or permissions.
*   **How it Works:**
    1.  The `User` module defines a `Policy`.
    2.  The `Core` module provides the data (Roles/Permissions) via a seeder.
    3.  The `Permission` module handles the underlying storage logic.
    4.  The domain module simply calls `$user->can('permission.name')`. It doesn't need to know about the `Permission` module or the specific models being used.

Commit message:

docs: Update documentation for Laravel Common Modules Monorepo

docs/master/architecture.md, after:

# Laravel Common Modules Monorepo - Developer Architecture Guide

Welcome, developer! This guide provides a comprehensive understanding of Internara's modular architecture, helping you build features efficiently and maintain a robust codebase.

---

**Table of Contents**

1.  [Core Architectural Principles](#1-core-architectural-principles)
2.  [The TALL Stack](#2-the-tall-stack)
3.  [The Layered Architecture](#3-the-layered-architecture)
    *   [3.1 UI Layer: Livewire Components](#31-ui-layer-livewire-components)
    *   [3.2 Business Logic Layer: Services](#32-business-logic-layer-services)
    *   [3.3 Data Layer: Eloquent Models](#33-data-layer-eloquent-models)
    *   [3.4 Optional Layers: Repositories & Entities](#34-optional-layers-repositories--entities)
4.  [Pragmatic Layered Architecture & Communication Rules](#4-pragmatic-layered-architecture--communication-rules)
    *   [4.1 The Golden Rule of Layered Communication](#41-the-golden-rule-of-layered-communication)
    *   [4.2 Interface-First & Knowledge Hiding](#42-interface-first--knowledge-hiding)
5.  [Inter-Module Communication: The Golden Rule](#5-inter-module-communication-the-golden-rule)
    *   [5.1 Pattern 1: Service-to-Service Calls (Synchronous)](#51-pattern-1-service-to-service-calls-synchronous)
    *   [5.2 Pattern 2: Events & Listeners (Decoupled Actions)](#52-pattern-2-events--listeners-decoupled-actions)
6.  [Practical Guide: Module Usage](#6-practical-guide-module-usage)
    *   [6.1 Accessing Module Resources](#61-accessing-module-resources)
    *   [6.2 Essential Module Artisan Commands](#62-essential-module-artisan-commands)

---

## 1. Core Architectural Principles

This project is built as a **Modular Monolith**, meaning it's a collection of self-contained mini-applications (called **Modules**) residing within a single Laravel project. Each module (e.g., `User`, `Order`) manages a specific business domain, enhancing organization, maintainability, and scalability.

**Key Concepts:**

*   **Modular Monolith:** Leveraging `nwidart/laravel-modules` to encapsulate business domains.
*   **Isolation & Portability:** Each module is designed to be as self-contained as possible.
    *   **Independence:** Modules **MUST NOT** depend on the physical existence or internal logic of other modules.
    *   **External Dependencies:** Modules may depend on the Laravel framework or reputable external packages (e.g., Spatie) with full awareness and careful restriction.
    *   **Self-Containment:** Ensure that a module could be extracted and used in another project with minimal friction.
*   **UI Framework:** All user interfaces and interactivity are built using **Livewire** components, powered by the TALL Stack.
*   **Backend Structure:** Logic is strictly organized into distinct layers:
    *   **Services:** Orchestrate business logic ("what to do").
    *   **Models:** Represent persisted domain data and contain limited, domain-relevant behavior.
    *   **Optional Layers (Repositories/Entities):** Abstractions for complex data access or integrations, **not included by default**.
*   **Namespace Convention:** For module files located in `modules/{ModuleName}/src/{Subdirectory}/{FileName}.php`, the namespace **must omit the `src` segment**.
    *   **Example:** `Modules\{ModuleName}\{Subdirectory}`. This applies to `Livewire`, `Services`, `Models`, and other subdirectories within a module's `src` folder.

For a complete, step-by-step example of creating a new feature within this architecture, refer to the **[Modular Monolith Developer Guide](workflow.md)**.

## 2. The TALL Stack

The project is built on the TALL stack, a full-stack development solution that allows for building robust, modern web applications primarily using PHP.

*   **Tailwind CSS (v4):** A utility-first CSS framework that provides low-level utility classes to build custom designs directly in your markup. This approach avoids premature abstraction and allows for highly customizable and maintainable styling. To ensure consistency and rapid development, we use the **DaisyUI** component library and **MaryUI** for advanced Livewire interactions.
*   **Alpine.js:** A rugged, minimal JavaScript framework for adding client-side interactivity to your templates. It's often used for small interactions like dropdowns or toggles. In this project, Alpine.js is automatically included with Livewire 3, making it readily available within Livewire components.
*   **Laravel (v12):** The core backend framework providing the application's foundation. It handles routing, database management through its Eloquent ORM, authentication, and the overall structure that enables the modular monolith architecture.
*   **Livewire (v3):** A full-stack framework for Laravel that allows you to build dynamic, reactive interfaces using PHP classes and Blade templates. It eliminates the need for a separate frontend JavaScript framework like React or Vue for most use cases, significantly simplifying the development workflow. This project also uses **Volt**, which allows for creating single-file Livewire components.

## 3. The Layered Architecture

Each module adheres to a strict layered architecture to enforce separation of concerns. The flow of data and control generally moves from the UI layer downwards.

**Important Note on Namespaces:** Consistent with the project's namespace convention, all classes within these layers will use a namespace that omits the `src` segment. For instance, a Service in the `User` module would be namespaced `Modules\User\Services`, not `Modules\User\src\Services`.

### 3.1 UI Layer: Livewire Components

The entry point for user interaction with the application. Livewire components serve as the **Presentation Layer**, responsible solely for rendering the UI and handling user input.

*   **Purpose:** To capture user input, manage component state, and display data.
*   **Responsibilities:**
    *   **UI Interaction Logic ONLY:** Livewire components **MUST NOT** contain business logic. Their role is strictly limited to handling UI events, managing component state, and orchestrating interactions with the Service layer.
    *   **Delegation to Services:** All business operations (e.g., data creation, updates, deletions, complex validations, authorization checks beyond simple rendering conditions) **MUST** be delegated to the appropriate Service methods.
    *   **Authorization:** Use standard Laravel `can()` methods or Policies for UI rendering conditions and action authorization.
    *   Displays data retrieved from the business logic layer.
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Livewire/`
*   **Creation Command:**
    ```bash
    php artisan module:make-livewire CreateUser User --view
    ```

#### Livewire Component Naming in Modular Monolith

When embedding Livewire components within Blade views in a modular monolith (using `nwidart/laravel-modules`), it is crucial to use the correct naming convention to ensure auto-discovery and proper rendering.

*   **Standard Embedding Directive:** Always use the `@livewire` Blade directive for embedding interactive Livewire components.
*   **Module-Aliased Component Name:** Components residing within a module (`Modules\{ModuleName}\src\Livewire\Subdirectory\ComponentName.php`) should be referenced using the module's alias followed by a double colon (`::`), then the dot-notation path relative to the module's `src/Livewire` directory. The module alias typically matches the module's lowercase name (e.g., `user` for the `User` module).

    **Syntax:** `@livewire('{module-alias}::{component-dot-notation-name}', [...$parameters])`

    **Example:**
    For a Livewire component class: `Modules\User\src\Livewire\Users\DeleteUser.php`
    Its corresponding component name would be: `users.delete-user`
    The correct embedding in a Blade view would be:
    ```blade
    @livewire('user::users.delete-user')
    ```
    or with parameters:
    ```blade
    @livewire('user::users.delete-user', ['userId' => $user->id])
    ```
*   **Avoid `<x-livewire-... />` for interactive embedding:** While `<x-livewire-... />` syntax works as a Blade Component alias, the `@livewire` directive is the recommended and clearer way to embed interactive Livewire components, especially when passing parameters or dealing with specific component lifecycle events.

### 3.2 Business Logic Layer: Services

The "brain" of your feature, orchestrating specific business operations.

*   **Purpose:** To implement and coordinate the core business logic.
*   **Responsibilities:**
    *   Receives data (often as validated arrays or simple value objects) from the UI layer.
    *   Performs domain-specific validation and business rules.
    *   Interacts directly with **Eloquent Models** to save or retrieve data (in the default workflow).
    *   Dispatches events to notify other parts of the application about changes.
    *   Should be thin and focused on a single business concern.
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Services/`
*   **Creation Command:**
    ```bash
    php artisan module:make-service UserService User
    ```

### 3.3 Data Layer: Eloquent Models

The primary layer for interacting with the database.

*   **Purpose:** To represent persisted domain data and provide an interface to the database via Eloquent ORM.
*   **Responsibilities:**
    *   Defining database relationships, scopes, and accessors.
    *   Handling data persistence and retrieval.
    *   Supporting configurable ID types (UUID or Integer).
    *   May contain limited, domain-relevant behavior (e.g., helper methods like `isActive()`).
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Models/`
*   **Creation Command:**
    ```bash
    php artisan module:make-model User User --migration
    ```

### 3.4 Optional Layers: Repositories & Entities

These layers are **not included by default** and should only be introduced when strictly justified by architectural needs (e.g., swapping storage backends, complex external integrations, or strict decoupling requirements).

#### Repositories
*   **Purpose:** To abstract data persistence details, completely decoupling business logic from Eloquent.
*   **When to Use:** When you need to support multiple data sources (e.g., Database AND API) or when testing requires strict mocking of the data layer without touching the database.
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Repositories/`

#### Entities (DTOs)
*   **Purpose:** Plain PHP objects to transfer data between layers, independent of Eloquent.
*   **When to Use:** When data structures are complex, come from external sources, or need to be strictly decoupled from the database schema.
*   **Location:** `modules/ModuleName/src/Entities/`

## 4. Pragmatic Layered Architecture & Communication Rules

To ensure maintainability while avoiding over-engineering, this project adopts a **Pragmatic Layered Architecture**.

### 4.1 The Golden Rule of Layered Communication

Communication flows downwards.

*   **Presentation Layer (Livewire)**: Communicates only with the **Service Layer**.
*   **Service Layer**: Communicates with the **Model Layer** (or optionally, the **Repository Layer**).
*   **Model Layer**: Represents the persistence mechanism and should not initiate communication upwards.

### 4.2 Interface-First & Standard Authorization

When communicating *between modules*, strictly adhere to the **Interface-First Principle** or use standard Laravel interfaces.

*   **Service Interaction:** If Module A needs to call a service in Module B, it should depend on an interface (e.g., `Modules\User\Contracts\Services\UserService`), not the concrete class.
*   **Authorization Interaction:** Modules should use Laravel's standard `Gate` and `Policy` systems (e.g., `$user->can()`) to interact with the authorization layer, ensuring modules remain isolated from the specific implementation of Role/Permission management.

## 5. Inter-Module Communication: The Golden Rule

The most critical rule for maintaining a loosely coupled and maintainable modular monolith is the **Isolation Principle**.

> **Golden Rule:** One module **MUST NOT** directly reference a concrete class (e.g., a `Service` or `Repository` implementation) or an internal model from another module. All interaction between modules **must** happen through shared interfaces (contracts), events, or framework standards (Gates/Policies).

This rule is non-negotiable. It is the foundation for a scalable and maintainable application.

### 5.1 Pattern 1: Service-to-Service Calls (Synchronous)

Use this pattern when an action in `Module A` **immediately** requires a result or a direct interaction with `Module B`.

*   **Usage:** For direct, synchronous dependencies where one module needs to invoke specific logic from another and get an immediate response.
*   **How it Works:**
    1.  `Module B` defines a `Service Interface` (e.g., `Modules\User\Contracts\Services\UserService`) and provides a concrete implementation.
    2.  `Module A` (e.g., `OrderService`) *type-hints* `Module B`'s `Service Interface` in its constructor.
    3.  Laravel's Service Container automatically injects the concrete `UserService` implementation without `InternshipService` knowing the specific class.

### 5.2 Pattern 2: Events & Listeners (Decoupled Actions)

This is the preferred approach for handling side effects or when one action should trigger several independent outcomes across different modules without tight coupling.

*   **Usage:** When an action occurs in `Module A`, and other modules might need to react to it without `Module A` needing to know or care who those reactors are.
*   **How it Works:**
    1.  `Module A` (e.g., `OrderService`) dispatches an `Event`. This event should carry necessary data.
    2.  Other modules (e.g., `User`, `Notification`) define `Listeners` that are configured to react to this specific `Event`.
    3.  The `Order` module remains completely unaware of which other modules react to its event, ensuring strong decoupling.

### 5.3 Pattern 3: Standard Framework Interfaces (Policies/Gates)

Use this pattern for cross-cutting concerns like authorization.

*   **Usage:** When a domain module needs to authorize an action based on roles or permissions.
*   **How it Works:**
    1.  The `User` module defines a `Policy`.
    2.  The `Shared` module provides the data (Roles/Permissions) via a seeder.
    3.  The `Permission` module handles the underlying storage logic.
    4.  The domain module simply calls `$user->can('permission.name')`. It doesn't need to know about the `Permission` module or the specific models being used.
